Docs: Add warning in tiered storage (#8037)
apache/iceberg: docs/spark-procedures.md

`expire_snapshot` calls will be able to physically delete the added files. This method should not be used if 
`migrate` or `snapshot` are possible.

{{< hint warning >}}

> Keep in mind the `add_files` procedure will fetch the Parquet metadat from each file being added just once. If you're using tiered storage, (such as [Amazon S3 Intelligent-Tiering storage class](https://aws.amazon.com/s3/storage-classes/intelligent-tiering/)), the file will be retrieved from the archive, and will be on a higher tier for a set period of time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keep in mind the `add_files` procedure will fetch the Parquet metadata from each file being added just once. If you're using tiered storage, (such as [Amazon S3 Intelligent-Tiering storage class](https://aws.amazon.com/s3/storage-classes/intelligent-tiering/)), the underlying, file will be retrieved from the archive, and will remain on a higher tier for a set period of time.
```

Reviewer: [minor / optional] we can also add a small explanation of why this metadata will be fetched, (for ex: getting stats for manifest and manifest_list files)

Author: Great addition @singhpk234 thanks. Since it is a warning, I don't want it to be too lengthy.
